README.md, before:

### What You Need
1. Download [hactool 1.1.0](https://github.com/SciresM/hactool/releases/tag/1.1.0)
1. Install python 3.x.x (dont forget to click PATH checkbox while instlling)
1. Place files from zip of hactool to script folder
1. Run get_keys.bat to get keys.txt
1. Use [Plague](https://gbatemp.net/threads/atmosphere-mod-plague-easy-layeredfs-app-switching-alpha.508123/) to LayeredFS for playing decrypted games 


### Unpack games 
1. Place all your NSP or\and XCI you choose for unpacking to "games" folder
1. Run "decrypt_games_folder.bat" for unpacking
	* or drag games one-by-one to decrypt.bat
1. Wait for magic be done 
1. Place "backups" folder to root of Switch's microsd

### Unpack games and merge with update
1. Run "decrypt_and_merge_nsp_game_with_update.bat"
1. Drug and drop base game file to the cmd window and press Enter
1. Drug and drop update for this game to the cmd window and press Enter
1. Wait for magic be done 
1. Place "backups" folder to root of Switch's microsd

### Special thanks
* to [Denis Wrun](https://vk.com/id340699273) for python_title_key_extrackting_tool

Commit message:

new implementation for title_key extractor. No need for python anymore

README.md, after:

### What You Need
1. Download [hactool 1.1.0](https://github.com/SciresM/hactool/releases/tag/1.1.0)
1. Install python 3.x.x (dont forget to click PATH checkbox while instlling)
1. Place files from zip of hactool to script folder
1. Run get_keys.bat to get keys.txt
1. Use [Plague](https://gbatemp.net/threads/atmosphere-mod-plague-easy-layeredfs-app-switching-alpha.508123/) and LayeredFS for playing decrypted games 


### Unpack games 
1. Place all your NSP or\and XCI what you choose for unpacking to "games" folder
1. Run "decrypt_games_folder.bat" for unpacking
	* or drag games one-by-one to decrypt.bat
1. Wait for magic be done 
1. Place "backups" folder to root of Switch's microsd

### Unpack games and merge with update
1. Run "decrypt_and_merge_nsp_game_with_update.bat"
1. Drug and drop base game file to the cmd window and press Enter
1. Drug and drop update for this game to the cmd window and press Enter
1. Wait for magic be done 
1. Place "backups" folder to root of Switch's microsd

### Special thanks
* to [Ericjwg](https://gbatemp.net/members/ericjwg.367770/) for implementation of title_key extruder and biggest_nca finder

<img>
